LIBRARIES REQUIRED TO RUN PROGRAM:
tkinter
PIL
Scapy
Matplotlib
Nmap (It is also required to have the actual Nmap tool installed on your computer, aswell as the library)
dpkt, socket, threading, sys, time

MANUAL FOR SAKIBS NETWORK ANALYZER TOOL:

Opening PCAP files:
In the zip file there are three example PCAP files you can use to test the software.
These PCAP files can be used with the packet analyzer button and graph generation.

PCAP Protocol Counter:
This button will count the amount of TCP and UDP packets in the PCAP file selected by user
It will ask the user to input the range they want to check.

Example PCAP files graph visualization:
For the first pcap file it is recommended to use the following IP addresses:
192.168.56.101
192.168.56.104

At the timestamp of 450, the amount of ports being accessed is very high suggesting that the user
is scanning everysingle port on the network using an nmap scan.

For the second pcap file it is recommended to use the following IP addresses:
192.158.56.1
192.168.56.101

Normal user access and then a brute force attack occurs out of nowhere.

For the third pcap file it is recommended to use the following IP addresses:
192.168.56.1
182.168.56.102

Brute force attack using a specfic pattern of passwords occurs.

Packet Sniffer:
PLEASE DO NOT USE PACKET SNIFFER ON UNAUTHROISED NETWORKS.
The software is intended for demonstration purposes and hence only works on test HTTP websites
which are intentionally vulnerable and dont use HTTPS.

Below are a couple intentionally vulnerable websites you can use:
http://testphp.vulnweb.com/login.php
http://vbsca.ca/login/login.asp

For the packet sniffer it is required that you figure out the name of your network interface so
the packet sniffer can understand which network interface it is meant to scan.
The first method is to just use the default simple names of Ethernet or WiFi,
however if this doesnt work it is required to find the exact name of the interface card using the steps below:

To do this it is very simple, all you have to do is go to:
Control panel, select Network and Sharing Center.
Click change adapter settings.
Select your network type e.g Ethernet/WiFi
Click details button and it should say it in the description.
Usually looks like:
Realtek PCIe GbE Family Controller,
Intel(R) Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260
More information on https://support.lenovo.com/gt/en/solutions/ht078107-how-to-find-and-download-network-driver-windows

Live graph visualization:
This button will generate a live plot graph of the network you are connected to using matplotlib,
The X-Axis represents the time in seconds and the
Y-Axis represents the amount of packets being transmitted over the current network.

Nmap Scan:
It is required to have the actual Nmap installed on your computer aswell as the library. 
Its a simple download on Windows from: https://nmap.org/download

It will ask the user to input a valid IP address on their network that they want to scan
Then it will scan the IP address from the protocol range 22-443
and provide a list of open ports and the status of the IP address.

It has a validation function which will test that a correct IP address is inputed
It will also time out after 20 seconds if the port scan is taking too long.

